They have returned to training in the olive grove
luis castro's players
after the victory against the sporting
Braga this Sunday for 3 1 players
Portuguese football launched the
work and only one was not in the
dragons training center lawn
captain helton continues to recover from
disappointment and keeps on being treated and
that away from teammates
with regard to daily work
the rest the whole working group was
available and without limitations even though the
group in the first 15 minutes worked
separately
Fabian case and fall keeper of
sub-19 worked with the responsible
by Daniel Beliel
while field players shared
in two groups with the supervision of the
paulinho santos composed by victor
garcia defender right team see
this Sunday was made debut in games
of the championship by the main lineup
dragons maicon abla ba ricardo
carlos eduardo pereira fernando Joshua
publish wild varela jackson
martinez awkward silage and another with a
Luiz de Castro orientation comprises
Danilo
Alecsandro is the boss of Diego diego
Gladiolus is worse was with fernando
quintero ricardo quaresma and kelvin
this way the preparation of the second leg
the semi-finals of the cup of portugal
plays this Wednesday in the stadium of light
against the benfica of the first leg
Dragons take advantage for 10 in the game
held at the Dragon Stadium is
Tuesday performs the last training in the
olive grove from 10 am
at the end of the four preview banners
from this classic to the port microphone
channel